README.md, before:

# Hi there 👋

![TuxCoding](tux.gif)

> ***It soon became clear that the unconscious instincts for logic and language which had enabled me to succeed were not shared by the large majority of my students.*** - Susanna Epp (author of [Discrete Mathematics with Applications, 5th edition](https://www.amazon.com/Discrete-Mathematics-Applications-Susanna-Epp-ebook/dp/B07M87BWRC))

[Bjarne Stroustrup on the importance of Mathematics and Computer Science fundamentals](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-QxI-RP6-HM)

:computer: I just released my first library, [Tarski](https://github.com/spamegg1/tarski).
I also contributed a lot to [Cyfra](https://github.com/ComputeNode/cyfra/), [Futurecoder](https://futurecoder.io) and [OSSU CS](https://github.com/ossu/computer-science/), so check them out!

:brain: Check out my [Elements of Abstract Thinking](https://github.com/spamegg1/abstract-thinking)

✍️ My blog: [Spamegg's personal page](https://spamegg1.github.io)

💬 Ask me about: math or code questions!

📫 How to reach me: `spamegg1` on Discord, or [on Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/spamegg/shared_invite/zt-1vhzofzrl-ucBjeQEQkl9Ol3wpvL9VPw), or [on Matrix](https://matrix.to/#/!GQFJgtvxFByBVixTAi:matrix.org?via=matrix.org)

⚡ Fun fact: I [review](https://github.com/spamegg1/reviews) online courses.

🔭 I’m currently working on: my own combined Math + CS curriculum, focusing on deep connections and foundations, ideas, history, abstract thinking and problem solving.

🌱 I’m currently learning: some CI/CD, publishing libraries, Github releases, website making.

🤔 I’m looking for: nothing at the moment! Still feel free to shoot any ideas my way!

:desktop_computer: I use [![Mint](mint.svg)](https://linuxmint.com)

![spamegg's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats-spamegg1.vercel.app/api?username=spamegg1&theme=synthwave)

![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats-spamegg1.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=spamegg1&count_private=true&layout=compact&theme=synthwave)

## Math + CS curriculum progress update 🚀🚀🚀

(Apologies that I'm not able to share more. It's private for now! Imagine a mad scientist working in a cave... 👨‍🔬🕯️🦇🌑)

Work started January 2023. Expected finish 2033-2038, or when I 💀⚰️🪦

***Year 1 (2023):*** Very productive!

First few years of "producing a lot of useful by-products."

- Wrote a complete roadmap. *I know exactly what I'm doing!*

- Gathered a ton of materials, books, notes, bookmarks, videos that will take me years to distill into the perfect mixture.

- Finished solutions to [Epp's Discrete Math book](https://github.com/spamegg1/Epp-Discrete-Math-5th-solutions/) which will form the backbone of the curriculum. (56K+ lines of LaTeX code, over 1000 pages of PDF when rendered.)

- Wrote a ton of code: 613 files, 260K+ lines of code. Roughly corresponds to Intro CS + Core Programming. Even [contributed to open source a bit.](https://github.com/scala-native/scala-native/pull/3396)

- Came up with [Abstract thinking](https://github.com/spamegg1/abstract-thinking) which will play a big role as another backbone. *Highly experimental!* 🧪

***Year 2 (2024):*** I'm constantly coming up with new awesome ideas!

[Videos on this channel](https://www.youtube.com/@benjaminkeep/videos)
are exactly what I was thinking about...

- Studying a lot of low-level stuff.
- C with [K.N. King's book](http://knking.com/books/c2/index.html) and
- Rust with [Rust Foundation book](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/book/).

Useful byproducts continue:

- More low-level with [Modern Systems Programming](https://github.com/spamegg1/modern-systems-scala-native).
- and progress on [Abstract thinking](https://github.com/spamegg1/abstract-thinking)
- solving [Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com/)
- and thinking about how to teach the subtleties of
  [problem solving](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6DxTQiJuAoc).

- *October 2024:* work started on [Tarski's world](https://github.com/spamegg1/tarski/). Turns out parsing first-order logic is hard! 😆
- Started learning [Lean](https://lean-lang.org) for coding proofs.

***Year 3 (2025):***

- *Jan - Mar 2025:* More formalizing mathematics in Lean4, so progress will be slower.
- *April 2025*:
  - Done with Lean for now. (It's highly unsuitable for the curriculum!)
  - Teaching GPU programming is difficult; so I started contributing to a [GPU library](https://github.com/ComputeNode/cyfra/).
    - I want to make a beginner-friendly GPU course based on it.
- *May - August 2025:* I will be doing [Google Summer of Code](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/) to contribute to the [GPU library](https://github.com/ComputeNode/cyfra/).
- *September 2025:* GSoC is done! I'm working on Tarski again.
  This time, using a [first order logic tool](https://github.com/gapt/gapt).
- *November 2025:* Tarski is almost finished! Working prototype:

<https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b6eb04ee-151d-46f3-9e47-ee536aaa79c6>

- *December 2025*: The first version of Tarski is [released!](https://github.com/spamegg1/tarski)

***Year 4 (2026):***

Stay tuned!

Commit message:

update README: add math solution links 2025-12-03

README.md, after:

# Hi there 👋

![TuxCoding](tux.gif)

> ***It soon became clear that the unconscious instincts for logic and language which had enabled me to succeed were not shared by the large majority of my students.*** - Susanna Epp (author of [Discrete Mathematics with Applications, 5th edition](https://www.amazon.com/Discrete-Mathematics-Applications-Susanna-Epp-ebook/dp/B07M87BWRC))

[Bjarne Stroustrup on the importance of Mathematics and Computer Science fundamentals](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-QxI-RP6-HM)

:computer: I just released my first library, [Tarski](https://github.com/spamegg1/tarski).
I also contributed a lot to [Cyfra](https://github.com/ComputeNode/cyfra/), [Futurecoder](https://futurecoder.io) and [OSSU CS](https://github.com/ossu/computer-science/), so check them out!

:brain: Check out my [Elements of Abstract Thinking](https://github.com/spamegg1/abstract-thinking)

📚🔢📐 Check out my math solutions: [Epp](https://github.com/spamegg1/Epp-Discrete-Math-5th-solutions/) and [Math for CS](https://github.com/spamegg1/Math-for-CS-solutions/)

✍️ My blog: [Spamegg's personal page](https://spamegg1.github.io)

💬 Ask me about: math or code questions!

📫 How to reach me: `spamegg1` on Discord, or [on Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/spamegg/shared_invite/zt-1vhzofzrl-ucBjeQEQkl9Ol3wpvL9VPw), or [on Matrix](https://matrix.to/#/!GQFJgtvxFByBVixTAi:matrix.org?via=matrix.org)

⚡ Fun fact: I [review](https://github.com/spamegg1/reviews) online courses.

🔭 I’m currently working on: my own combined Math + CS curriculum, focusing on deep connections and foundations, ideas, history, abstract thinking and problem solving.

🌱 I’m currently learning: some CI/CD, publishing libraries, Github releases, website making.

🤔 I’m looking for: nothing at the moment! Still feel free to shoot any ideas my way!

:desktop_computer: I use [![Mint](mint.svg)](https://linuxmint.com)

![spamegg's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats-spamegg1.vercel.app/api?username=spamegg1&theme=synthwave)

![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats-spamegg1.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=spamegg1&count_private=true&layout=compact&theme=synthwave)

## Math + CS curriculum progress update 🚀🚀🚀

(Apologies that I'm not able to share more. It's private for now! Imagine a mad scientist working in a cave... 👨‍🔬🕯️🦇🌑)

Work started January 2023. Expected finish 2033-2038, or when I 💀⚰️🪦

***Year 1 (2023):*** Very productive!

First few years of "producing a lot of useful by-products."

- Wrote a complete roadmap. *I know exactly what I'm doing!*

- Gathered a ton of materials, books, notes, bookmarks, videos that will take me years to distill into the perfect mixture.

- Finished solutions to [Epp's Discrete Math book](https://github.com/spamegg1/Epp-Discrete-Math-5th-solutions/) which will form the backbone of the curriculum. (56K+ lines of LaTeX code, over 1000 pages of PDF when rendered.)

- Wrote a ton of code: 613 files, 260K+ lines of code. Roughly corresponds to Intro CS + Core Programming. Even [contributed to open source a bit.](https://github.com/scala-native/scala-native/pull/3396)

- Came up with [Abstract thinking](https://github.com/spamegg1/abstract-thinking) which will play a big role as another backbone. *Highly experimental!* 🧪

***Year 2 (2024):*** I'm constantly coming up with new awesome ideas!

[Videos on this channel](https://www.youtube.com/@benjaminkeep/videos)
are exactly what I was thinking about...

- Studying a lot of low-level stuff.
- C with [K.N. King's book](http://knking.com/books/c2/index.html) and
- Rust with [Rust Foundation book](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/book/).

Useful byproducts continue:

- More low-level with [Modern Systems Programming](https://github.com/spamegg1/modern-systems-scala-native).
- and progress on [Abstract thinking](https://github.com/spamegg1/abstract-thinking)
- solving [Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com/)
- and thinking about how to teach the subtleties of
  [problem solving](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6DxTQiJuAoc).

- *October 2024:* work started on [Tarski's world](https://github.com/spamegg1/tarski/). Turns out parsing first-order logic is hard! 😆
- Started learning [Lean](https://lean-lang.org) for coding proofs.

***Year 3 (2025):***

- *Jan - Mar 2025:* More formalizing mathematics in Lean4, so progress will be slower.
- *April 2025*:
  - Done with Lean for now. (It's highly unsuitable for the curriculum!)
  - Teaching GPU programming is difficult; so I started contributing to a [GPU library](https://github.com/ComputeNode/cyfra/).
    - I want to make a beginner-friendly GPU course based on it.
- *May - August 2025:* I will be doing [Google Summer of Code](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/) to contribute to the [GPU library](https://github.com/ComputeNode/cyfra/).
- *September 2025:* GSoC is done! I'm working on Tarski again.
  This time, using a [first order logic tool](https://github.com/gapt/gapt).
- *November 2025:* Tarski is almost finished! Working prototype:

<https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b6eb04ee-151d-46f3-9e47-ee536aaa79c6>

- *December 2025*: The first version of Tarski is [released!](https://github.com/spamegg1/tarski)

***Year 4 (2026):***

Stay tuned!
